examples/complete/README.md, before:

# examples/complete

Example that uses the module with many of its configurations. Used in CI E2E tests.

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.62.0 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | >= 3.1.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.62.0 |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | >= 3.1.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_bastion"></a> [bastion](#module\_bastion) | ../.. | n/a |
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | git::https://github.com/defenseunicorns/terraform-aws-uds-vpc.git | v0.0.2-alpha |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_kms_alias.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/kms_alias) | resource |
| [aws_kms_key.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/kms_key) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.access_log_bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration.access_log_bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_notification.access_log_bucket_notification](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_notification) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.access_log_bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_public_access_block) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_server_side_encryption_configuration.access_log_bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_server_side_encryption_configuration) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_versioning.access_log_bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_versioning) | resource |
| [aws_sqs_queue.access_log_queue](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/sqs_queue) | resource |
| [random_id.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) | resource |
| [aws_ami.amazonlinux2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ami) | data source |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.kms_access](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_partition.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/partition) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_log_expire_days"></a> [access\_log\_expire\_days](#input\_access\_log\_expire\_days) | Number of days to wait before deleting access logs | `number` | `30` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_instance_type"></a> [bastion\_instance\_type](#input\_bastion\_instance\_type) | value for the instance type of the EKS worker nodes | `string` | `"m5.xlarge"` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_ssh_password"></a> [bastion\_ssh\_password](#input\_bastion\_ssh\_password) | The SSH password to use for the bastion if SSM authentication is used | `string` | `"my-password"` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_ssh_user"></a> [bastion\_ssh\_user](#input\_bastion\_ssh\_user) | The SSH user to use for the bastion | `string` | `"ec2-user"` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_tenancy"></a> [bastion\_tenancy](#input\_bastion\_tenancy) | The tenancy of the bastion | `string` | `"default"` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_sqs_events_on_access_log_access"></a> [enable\_sqs\_events\_on\_access\_log\_access](#input\_enable\_sqs\_events\_on\_access\_log\_access) | If true, generates an SQS event whenever on object is created in the Access Log bucket, which happens whenever a server access log is generated by any entity. This will potentially generate a lot of events, so use with caution. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_role_permissions_boundary"></a> [iam\_role\_permissions\_boundary](#input\_iam\_role\_permissions\_boundary) | ARN of a permissions boundary policy to use when creating IAM roles | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_key_deletion_window"></a> [kms\_key\_deletion\_window](#input\_kms\_key\_deletion\_window) | Waiting period for scheduled KMS Key deletion. Can be 7-30 days. | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_name_prefix"></a> [name\_prefix](#input\_name\_prefix) | The prefix to use when naming all resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The AWS region to deploy into | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to apply to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_zarf_version"></a> [zarf\_version](#input\_zarf\_version) | The version of Zarf to use | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

exposing the private IP variable (#16)
Signed-off-by: jase koonce <jase@defenseunicorns.com>

examples/complete/README.md, after:

# examples/complete

Example that uses the module with many of its configurations. Used in CI E2E tests.

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.62.0 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | >= 3.1.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.62.0 |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | >= 3.1.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_bastion"></a> [bastion](#module\_bastion) | ../.. | n/a |
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | git::https://github.com/defenseunicorns/terraform-aws-uds-vpc.git | v0.0.2-alpha |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_kms_alias.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/kms_alias) | resource |
| [aws_kms_key.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/kms_key) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.access_log_bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration.access_log_bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_notification.access_log_bucket_notification](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_notification) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.access_log_bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_public_access_block) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_server_side_encryption_configuration.access_log_bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_server_side_encryption_configuration) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_versioning.access_log_bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_versioning) | resource |
| [aws_sqs_queue.access_log_queue](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/sqs_queue) | resource |
| [random_id.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) | resource |
| [aws_ami.amazonlinux2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ami) | data source |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.kms_access](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_partition.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/partition) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_log_expire_days"></a> [access\_log\_expire\_days](#input\_access\_log\_expire\_days) | Number of days to wait before deleting access logs | `number` | `30` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_instance_type"></a> [bastion\_instance\_type](#input\_bastion\_instance\_type) | value for the instance type of the EKS worker nodes | `string` | `"m5.xlarge"` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_ssh_password"></a> [bastion\_ssh\_password](#input\_bastion\_ssh\_password) | The SSH password to use for the bastion if SSM authentication is used | `string` | `"my-password"` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_ssh_user"></a> [bastion\_ssh\_user](#input\_bastion\_ssh\_user) | The SSH user to use for the bastion | `string` | `"ec2-user"` | no |
| <a name="input_bastion_tenancy"></a> [bastion\_tenancy](#input\_bastion\_tenancy) | The tenancy of the bastion | `string` | `"default"` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_sqs_events_on_access_log_access"></a> [enable\_sqs\_events\_on\_access\_log\_access](#input\_enable\_sqs\_events\_on\_access\_log\_access) | If true, generates an SQS event whenever on object is created in the Access Log bucket, which happens whenever a server access log is generated by any entity. This will potentially generate a lot of events, so use with caution. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_role_permissions_boundary"></a> [iam\_role\_permissions\_boundary](#input\_iam\_role\_permissions\_boundary) | ARN of a permissions boundary policy to use when creating IAM roles | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_key_deletion_window"></a> [kms\_key\_deletion\_window](#input\_kms\_key\_deletion\_window) | Waiting period for scheduled KMS Key deletion. Can be 7-30 days. | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_name_prefix"></a> [name\_prefix](#input\_name\_prefix) | The prefix to use when naming all resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_private_ip"></a> [private\_ip](#input\_private\_ip) | The private IP address to assign to the bastion | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The AWS region to deploy into | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to apply to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_zarf_version"></a> [zarf\_version](#input\_zarf\_version) | The version of Zarf to use | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
